Anonymous-Donations.md, before:

# THANK YOU FOR DONATING!

Official guide on how to make a fully anonymous donation to support development of AIMSICD.

---

![DarkCoin-Logo](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/6827093?s=460)

### Why do we prefer DarkCoin?

Over all available donation methods, we decided to favor DarkCoin because it has been designed to be a digital version of cash, which unlike others supports nearly completely anonymous donations. When sending DarkCoin, you choose whether the transaction is private or public. Your DarkCoin are stored in a digital wallet that you own and control. Transactions are anonymous "from the wallet" meaning you don't have to trust a third party to make the transaction private. Find out more about [DarkCoin Security](https://www.darkcoin.io/intro.html), also see [Degree of Anonymity](http://wiki.darkcoin.eu/wiki/Darkcoin_and_Degree_of_Anonymity).

### What makes DarkCoin unique?

DarkCoin's unique anonymous payment system, DarkSend, allows anyone to make transactions anonymously. The innovation is in the mixing of inputs and outputs going through the DarkSend system. A user's payment is automatically split into smaller denominations and pooled with the split-up payments of other users. Receivers of payments draw these denominations automatically from the pools until they have received the correct amount. Anyone viewing the blockchain will see payments being made but they won't be able to see who paid who.

DarkCoin Details:

```
* 0.00000% Pre-mined
* Super secure hashing algorithm: 11 rounds of scientific hashing functions (blake, bmw, groestl, jh, keccak, skein, luffa, cubehash, shavite, simd, echo)
* Block reward: controlled by 2222222/(((Difficulty+2600)/9)^2)
* Block generation: 2.5 minutes
* Difficulty: retargets every minute using Dark Gravity Wave
* Supply: estimated 22 million maximum coins
* Superior transaction anonymity using DarkSend: RC1 testing on MainNet
```

### Stop it already, I wanna donate!

You are awesome. Really! :smile_cat: 

1. Make yourself comfortable and visit the [DarkCoin-Website](https://www.darkcoin.io/).
2. Secure your computer and [get started](https://www.darkcoin.io/getstarted.html).
3. Make your donation to our official donation address: **XxEJvrYtkTZzvMUjtbZwPY34MyCGHSu4ys**
4. If you have questions regarding DarkCoin, visit the [DarkCoin-Wiki](http://wiki.darkcoin.eu/wiki/Main_Page).
5. Feel like improving DarkCoin? Be part of the [DarkCoin-Community](https://www.darkcoin.io/getinvolved.html)!

### What happens to my donation?

First of all, THANK YOU! If you would like to be mentioned with your Nick in our [Credits](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector#credits--greetings), drop us a line! Your donation will be stored in our official donation wallet. Once a developer makes a useful pull request or code change, the core members of our project will internally discuss if and how much we shall reward each particular commit. The process itself is not perfect yet since probably not every developer has a DarkCoin address, but feel free to set one up, make a funky pull request and profit! Of course, we are always open for improvements. Do not hesitate to recommend a better, more anonymous way to collect and distribute donations to each developer.

---

### Important note to developers:

If you're confident that your pull request is awesome and would like to test our new donation system, please don't hesitate to include your DarkCoin address in your commit description. We will grab your address, review your commit and decide on how much you get. Don't be shy to give critical feedback!

Commit message:

Added link to DarkCoin Price

Anonymous-Donations.md, after:

# THANK YOU FOR DONATING!

Official guide on how to make a fully anonymous donation to support development of AIMSICD.

---

![DarkCoin-Logo](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/6827093?s=460)

### Why do we prefer DarkCoin?

Over all available donation methods, we decided to favor DarkCoin because it has been designed to be a digital version of cash, which unlike others supports nearly completely anonymous donations. When sending DarkCoin, you choose whether the transaction is private or public. Your DarkCoin are stored in a digital wallet that you own and control. Transactions are anonymous "from the wallet" meaning you don't have to trust a third party to make the transaction private. Find out more about [DarkCoin Security](https://www.darkcoin.io/intro.html), also see [Degree of Anonymity](http://wiki.darkcoin.eu/wiki/Darkcoin_and_Degree_of_Anonymity).

### What makes DarkCoin unique?

DarkCoin's unique anonymous payment system, DarkSend, allows anyone to make transactions anonymously. The innovation is in the mixing of inputs and outputs going through the DarkSend system. A user's payment is automatically split into smaller denominations and pooled with the split-up payments of other users. Receivers of payments draw these denominations automatically from the pools until they have received the correct amount. Anyone viewing the blockchain will see payments being made but they won't be able to see who paid who.

DarkCoin Details:

```
* 0.00000% Pre-mined
* Super secure hashing algorithm: 11 rounds of scientific hashing functions (blake, bmw, groestl, jh, keccak, skein, luffa, cubehash, shavite, simd, echo)
* Block reward: controlled by 2222222/(((Difficulty+2600)/9)^2)
* Block generation: 2.5 minutes
* Difficulty: retargets every minute using Dark Gravity Wave
* Supply: estimated 22 million maximum coins
* Superior transaction anonymity using DarkSend: RC1 testing on MainNet
```

### Stop it already, I wanna donate!

You are awesome. Really! :smile_cat: 

1. Make yourself comfortable and visit the [DarkCoin-Website](https://www.darkcoin.io/).
2. Secure your computer and [get started](https://www.darkcoin.io/getstarted.html).
3. Check the current [DarkCoin Price](http://darkcoinprice.com/) and decide how much you want to donate.
4. Make your donation to our official donation address: **XxEJvrYtkTZzvMUjtbZwPY34MyCGHSu4ys**
5. If you have questions regarding DarkCoin, visit the [DarkCoin-Wiki](http://wiki.darkcoin.eu/wiki/Main_Page).
6. Feel like improving DarkCoin? Be part of the [DarkCoin-Community](https://www.darkcoin.io/getinvolved.html)!

### What happens to my donation?

First of all, THANK YOU! If you would like to be mentioned with your Nick in our [Credits](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector#credits--greetings), drop us a line! Your donation will be stored in our official donation wallet. Once a developer makes a useful pull request or code change, the core members of our project will internally discuss if and how much we shall reward each particular commit. The process itself is not perfect yet since probably not every developer has a DarkCoin address, but feel free to set one up, make a funky pull request and profit! Of course, we are always open for improvements. Do not hesitate to recommend a better, more anonymous way to collect and distribute donations to each developer.

---

### Important note to developers:

If you're confident that your pull request is awesome and would like to test our new donation system, please don't hesitate to include your DarkCoin address in your commit description. We will grab your address, review your commit and decide on how much you get. Don't be shy to give critical feedback!
