Building.md, before:

## IDE Requirements
AIMSICD can be built using any IDE that supports the *Gradle* build tool, used by projects such as [Android Studio](http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/studio.html) or [Intellij IDEA](http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) plus many others. (*Gradle* is the new equivalent of the old "*Ant*" build tool.)

### Required Libraries
The *Google Play Services* library must be installed in SDK Manager as this supports the Map Viewer functions. Gradle build files will provide links to all other required libraries.

### General Procedure using Android Studio:
(If you have never built an Android Java App before.)

1. Download and install some GitHub sync-tool like [SmartGit](http://www.syntevo.com/smartgit/) or [GitHub for Win/Mac](https://github.com/).  
2. Download and install the JAVA SE Development Kit 7 (JDK7) from [here](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk7-downloads-1880260.html).
3. Install the latest *Android Studio* from [here](http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/studio.html).
4. When you start Android Studio, you'll see "Welcome to Android Studio" with several options. Here you choose to *Open Project* and then navigate to your GitHub synchronization directory where you have added AIMSICD, from (1).  
5. The project will open immediately, but now you want to *close* it, so that you can return to the Welcome screen, this time you choose **Configure >> SDK Manager**. Here you select all API's related to API 17, which is our lowest supported API.
6. For more details follow the setup instructions [here](http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/index.html?pkg=studio).
7. Now click on the sideways *Gradle* tab, on the right side of the IDE. This will open a new window, once in it, double click on *assembleRelease*. Check for build errors in the lower screen log window.
8. If (7) copiles without errors, you can now build your own APK by clicking on the menu items: **Build >> Generate Signed APK**. This will ask you for 3 new passwords to be used in your "KeyStore" (1 master, 1 file, 1 APK alias).

![generatesignedapk](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/194392/5508922/e3fd1d9c-87ba-11e4-8499-6d09cecfa3cc.PNG)

9. Push App to your device and run.

---

:exclamation: * JAVA 8 is not yet supported. Use a supported JavaVersion (class -> dex conversion can't handle 1.8 right now). VERSION is unrelated to your JDK. The JDK has to be >= VERSION.

---

1. Import the project into your IDE
2. Build project 
3. Run project on device

Commit message:

Added hint on signing.properties

Building.md, after:

## IDE Requirements
AIMSICD can be built using any IDE that supports the *Gradle* build tool, used by projects such as [Android Studio](http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/studio.html) or [Intellij IDEA](http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) plus many others. (*Gradle* is the new equivalent of the old "*Ant*" build tool.)

### Required Libraries
The *Google Play Services* library must be installed in SDK Manager as this supports the Map Viewer functions. Gradle build files will provide links to all other required libraries.

### General Procedure using Android Studio:
(If you have never built an Android Java App before.)

1. Download and install some GitHub sync-tool like [SmartGit](http://www.syntevo.com/smartgit/) or [GitHub for Win/Mac](https://github.com/).  
2. Download and install the JAVA SE Development Kit 7 (JDK7) from [here](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk7-downloads-1880260.html).
3. Install the latest *Android Studio* from [here](http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/studio.html).
4. When you start Android Studio, you'll see "Welcome to Android Studio" with several options. Here you choose to *Open Project* and then navigate to your GitHub synchronization directory where you have added AIMSICD, from (1).  
5. The project will open immediately, but now you want to *close* it, so that you can return to the Welcome screen, this time you choose **Configure >> SDK Manager**. Here you select all API's related to API 17, which is our lowest supported API.
6. For more details follow the setup instructions [here](http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing/index.html?pkg=studio).
7. Now click on the sideways *Gradle* tab, on the right side of the IDE. This will open a new window, once in it, double click on *assembleRelease*. Check for build errors in the lower screen log window.
8. If (7) copiles without errors, you can now build your own APK by clicking on the menu items: **Build >> Generate Signed APK**. This will ask you for 3 new passwords to be used in your "KeyStore" (1 master, 1 file, 1 APK alias). You may also use your credentials in [signing.properties](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/blob/master/signing.properties).

![generatesignedapk](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/194392/5508922/e3fd1d9c-87ba-11e4-8499-6d09cecfa3cc.PNG)

:cherries: If all of the above succeeded, push the App to your device and run.

---

:exclamation: * JAVA 8 is not yet supported. Use a supported JavaVersion (class -> dex conversion can't handle 1.8 right now). VERSION is unrelated to your JDK. The JDK has to be >= VERSION.

---

1. Import the project into your IDE
2. Build project 
3. Run project on device
