Contact.md, before:

Our international team is changing from time to time and we'd like to avoid having to always edit our `README`. This page lists our current team members. Get in touch! :love_letter: 

|                              Developer                         |  Location   |              Task            |
|:--------------------------------------------------------------:|:-----------:|:----------------------------:|
|[E:V:A](mailto:a3841c3c@opayq.com)                              | Lithuania   |       Project Initiator      |
|[Ueland](http://h3x.no/)                                        | Norway      |      Bug Smashing Hammer     |
|[tobykurien](http://tobykurien.com/)                            | South Africa|          Code-Monkey         |
|[d-mariano](mailto:dave.mariano1991@gmail.com)                  | Canada      | Time Travelling Code-Beaver  |
|[banjaxbanjo](mailto:mailto:paulkinsella29@yahoo.ie)            | Ireland     |    Silent SMS Specialist     |
|[scintill](mailto:joey@joeyhewitt.com)                          | :us:        |       Cryptography Freak     |
|[He3556](mailto:info@dm-development.de)                         | :de:        |    Vulnerability Analyzer    |
|[Sgt-Obst](http://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=5102584)| :de:        |      Graphical Designer      |
|[andr3jx](mailto:9414f52d@opayq.com)                            | :de:        | Chief Cook and Bottle Washer |
|[kairenken](mailto:mailto:code@koffeinsucht.de)                 | :de:        |       Security Engineer      |
|[SecUpwN](mailto:SecUpwN@protonmail.ch)                         | :de:        |         Public Speaker       |

Commit message:

Added link to our public chat room

Contact.md, after:

Our international team is changing from time to time and we'd like to avoid having to always edit our `README`. This page lists our current team members. Get in touch! :love_letter:

**Feel invited to chat with us on [HipChat](https://www.hipchat.com/gWZq5Zyaa)!**

|                              Developer                         |  Location   |              Task            |
|:--------------------------------------------------------------:|:-----------:|:----------------------------:|
|[E:V:A](mailto:a3841c3c@opayq.com)                              | Lithuania   |       Project Initiator      |
|[Ueland](http://h3x.no/)                                        | Norway      |      Bug Smashing Hammer     |
|[tobykurien](http://tobykurien.com/)                            | South Africa|          Code-Monkey         |
|[d-mariano](mailto:dave.mariano1991@gmail.com)                  | Canada      | Time Travelling Code-Beaver  |
|[banjaxbanjo](mailto:mailto:paulkinsella29@yahoo.ie)            | Ireland     |    Silent SMS Specialist     |
|[scintill](mailto:joey@joeyhewitt.com)                          | :us:        |       Cryptography Freak     |
|[He3556](mailto:info@dm-development.de)                         | :de:        |    Vulnerability Analyzer    |
|[Sgt-Obst](http://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=5102584)| :de:        |      Graphical Designer      |
|[andr3jx](mailto:9414f52d@opayq.com)                            | :de:        | Chief Cook and Bottle Washer |
|[kairenken](mailto:mailto:code@koffeinsucht.de)                 | :de:        |       Security Engineer      |
|[SecUpwN](mailto:SecUpwN@protonmail.ch)                         | :de:        |         Public Speaker       |
