Installation.md, before:

AIMSICD recently has been improved to enable universal compatibility on all devices.

1. Download the [LATEST RELEASE](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/releases).
2. Delete any previous version of the AIMSICD app.
3. Delete any remnant application directory from `/sdcard/AIMSICD/` or similar.
4. Install newest version from GitHub, Aptoide or F-Droid like any other App.
5. You **must** read and **accept** our [Disclaimer](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/blob/master/DISCLAIMER) as well as the one in our App.
6. Enjoy and profit. Contribute to our project with pull requests!

:cherries: **If you want to support [OpenCellID](http://wiki.opencellid.org/wiki/Main_Page), contribute your cell tower data!** :cherries: 

1. Send a [Request to obtain an OpenCellID API key](http://opencellid.org/#action=database.requestForApiKey).
2. Plug your own key into AIMSICD into the `OpenCellID Settings` in our `Preferences`.
4. Tick the checkbox `Contribute Cell Data` to rock two Open Source projects at once!

Commit message:

Added instruction to enable "unknown sources"

Installation.md, after:

AIMSICD recently has been improved to enable universal compatibility on all devices.

* Enable "Unknown sources" in your settings.

![Unknown sources](https://developer.android.com/images/publishing/publishing_unknown_sources_sm.png)

1. Download the **latest release** from [GitHub](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/releases), [Aptoide](http://aimsicd.store.aptoide.com/) or [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=com.SecUpwN.AIMSICD).
2. Delete any previous version of the AIMSICD app.
3. Delete any remnant application directory from `/sdcard/AIMSICD/` or similar.
4. Install newest version from GitHub, Aptoide or F-Droid like any other App.
5. You **must** read and **accept** our [Disclaimer](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/blob/master/DISCLAIMER) as well as the one in our App.
6. Enjoy and profit. Contribute to our project with pull requests!

:cherries: **If you want to support [OpenCellID](http://wiki.opencellid.org/wiki/Main_Page), contribute your cell tower data!** :cherries: 

1. Send a [Request to obtain an OpenCellID API key](http://opencellid.org/#action=database.requestForApiKey).
2. Plug your own key into AIMSICD into the `OpenCellID Settings` in our `Preferences`.
4. Tick the checkbox `Contribute Cell Data` to rock two Open Source projects at once!
