Privacy.md, before:

If you've reached this page, we value you as a privacy-minded individual.

**Usage of AIMSICD does NOT protect your privacy on demonstrations and riots**

As much as we love people who are brave enough to test our App out in the wild on demonstrations and riots, we cannot take any responsibility for your privacy. The sole act of carrying your phone while participating in a demonstration or riot **IS** breaking your privacy since you are submitting your footprints of where you have been to your provider. We explicitly advise you to **NOT** take your phone with you, or at the very least build yourself a [signal blocking phone pouch](http://killyourphone.com/) and put your phone into it before entering the larger area of the demonstration. Read and understand our [Disclaimer](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/blob/master/DISCLAIMER). If you still think that testing our App while participating in a riot is a great idea, please protect yourself by using a throw-away phone and a SIM you can toss away afterwards. Thank you for understanding this precaution from our side, it is to the better for all of us. Any detections and logfiles gathered during a demonstration are welcome, feel free to send them to us!

---

**Remove any metadata from all your submitted files and pull requests!**

* To remove all metadata from files in a folder, use [PDFMtEd Inspector](https://github.com/Glutanimate/PDFMtEd/raw/master/pdfmted-inspector).

```
PDFMtEd Inspector is a general purpose metadata viewer and cleaner.
Aside from granting a quick and easy insight into the meta information
stored in your files, it also allows you to quickly and effectively
purge all metadata. It is a more secure solution than exiftool alone.
```

---

**Privacy while contributing to our project on GitHub:**

* Don't be scared - you will NOT get arrested developing an open-source App.
* Feel free to use a VPN and/or any other protection like a [TOR](https://www.torproject.org) connection.
* If you feel paranoid, use [TAILS](https://tails.boum.org/) and a GitHub account especially for this project.

---

**Privacy of the Android IMSI-Catcher Detector:**

* Our App will not collect, nor submit any private data without notice.
* If you discover any possible security risk, submit an Issue!

Commit message:

Recommended the Metadata Anonymisation Toolkit

Privacy.md, after:

If you've reached this page, we value you as a privacy-minded individual.

**Usage of AIMSICD does NOT protect your privacy on demonstrations and riots**

As much as we love people who are brave enough to test our App out in the wild on demonstrations and riots, we cannot take any responsibility for your privacy. The sole act of carrying your phone while participating in a demonstration or riot **IS** breaking your privacy since you are submitting your footprints of where you have been to your provider. We explicitly advise you to **NOT** take your phone with you, or at the very least build yourself a [signal blocking phone pouch](http://killyourphone.com/) and put your phone into it before entering the larger area of the demonstration. Read and understand our [Disclaimer](https://github.com/SecUpwN/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/blob/master/DISCLAIMER). If you still think that testing our App while participating in a riot is a great idea, please protect yourself by using a throw-away phone and a SIM you can toss away afterwards. Thank you for understanding this precaution from our side, it is to the better for all of us. Any detections and logfiles gathered during a demonstration are welcome, feel free to send them to us!

---

**Remove any metadata from all your submitted files and pull requests!**

* To remove all metadata from files, use the [Metadata Anonymisation Toolkit ](https://github.com/jvoisin/MAT).

>Metadata consist of information that characterizes data. Metadata are used to provide documentation for data products. In essence, metadata answer who, what, when, where, why, and how about every facet of the data that are being documented. 

>Metadata within a file can tell a lot about you. Cameras record data about when a picture was taken and what camera was used. Office documents like PDF or Office automatically adds author and company information to documents and spreadsheets. Maybe you don't want to disclose those information on the web.

---

**Privacy while contributing to our project on GitHub:**

* Don't be scared - you will NOT get arrested developing an open-source App.
* Feel free to use a VPN and/or any other protection like a [TOR](https://www.torproject.org) connection.
* If you feel paranoid, use [TAILS](https://tails.boum.org/) and a GitHub account especially for this project.

---

**Privacy of the Android IMSI-Catcher Detector:**

* Our App will not collect, nor submit any private data without notice.
* If you discover any possible security risk, submit an Issue!
